preparing to livestream the meeting
there's a bar has a lot of messages all
right
I now see YouTube and a livestream so I
think this exists perfect and I'm
watching the livestream so I need to
cool so we're not live-streaming I think
we also want to record at the same time
cool what chord I'll record on my
computer since that seems reasonable all
right we are set up and we have a couple
of addenda items for the day the first
one is Jeremy who is currently sneezing
to talk about cloud fair I don't have a
lot to talk about but CloudFlare has an
IP best gateway now which is pretty cool
and they wrote a big one article about
how IPS works and you can instead of
using native estádio you can use cloud
flutter - ipfs - that about whatever
cloud players except us
I forget it might be calm but it's
pretty cool
I was wondering Lydell do you know if we
redirect that yet or are we going to
soon out of the box great yeah I don't
know if anybody has any questions on
that I can try to answer them but I just
thought it was cool and wanted to point
it out any other other questions or
follow-up stuff I think this is also the
perfect moment for folks to add
themselves to the agenda if anyone has
any additional things that they think we
should talk about today oh the other
thing I was supposed to ask for was a
note-taker so going backwards in time
with someone volunteer to be today's
note-taker
thanks Jacob I appreciate that all right
the they don't see any hands
the second agenda item for today is de
vivre talking about planning okay ours
in the open
all right cool Thank You Molly so if you
receive notifications from Nina you
might have found issue six nine eight on
the IPS PM repo it's a very long piece
of text but it basically talks about two
things it's that I don't the year that
we have to plan the next quarter and
really review the progress we've done
this quarter I mean it I'm committed
okay so I'll try to I don't know reset
the packets that got dropped so yeah
what plan the next quarter if you are
new to the community or if this is the
first time you're actually doing this
exercise the the gist is this happens
over two weeks we do plenty of chairs in
the open or at least some of the working
groups have developed a habit and we
encourage all the other ones to do it
the same if working group captain and
the respective team as another way to do
it that's all fine but what pointing
okay eyes in the open means is you
create some venue can be a Google Doc
can be a hack pad can be a creep out can
be get up or requests where everyone
that participates in that working group
gets to voice like from their
perspective from their experience
working on the project what are the top
priority items that should be tackled
next quarter
and this means that not only the people
that are on the working group yet to
voice their own perspective also people
in the community all users can come and
tell us like which items which features
with bug fixes with performance
improvements tutorials etc they really
need so that when we then try to
coalesce all of those perspectives of
those idea
as for key results we can create like a
list that captures the most important
thing things and also that we have
owners to tackle each of those key
results and so you can see on that issue
already some of the Orton groups already
a bike open PRS example the web browser
looking group is a good example of like
they do it in a candy and again that's
fine
and so what we'll see on those places is
that people will like just post what key
results they think it should be back on
next next quarter and over the course of
two weeks we'll keep massaging all my
Audi's off again now you're good okay so
yeah to sign up like will like keep
massaging the key results that people
propose until we feel that we arrived at
a good list and that we can commit for
next quarter the goal is by October 1st
for that lease to be frozen so we have
two weeks to do that and in okay ours
it's not just about like setting up
whatever we have to work next is
actually like review what we have
achieved so far so the retrospective
exercise and we do it asynchronously
because as you know we work across the
world and like it's hard to find times
to like synchronize with everyone and we
learned that doing it as Signorelli
works very well there is a template on
that issue as well that you can use for
your working group and basically ask
very simple questions what was achieved
what they didn't get achieved wanted to
be achieve the next quarter and like
what are things that we can improve as
teams - I keep priority by the app and
like success right hub if you have
questions feel free to ask our or pay me
later or even I Cask on the issue
there's a lot of ideas and context why
these things are important there if you
feel there's like something that also
should be added to that exercise please
like share your ideas that's it there
any other questions or comments or
anyone confused about exactly where this
is
you
someone from c5 just raised their hand I
said against jeera and PMV maybe you
want to share your screen to show
exactly where it is
that's it it's concur Firefox so we
pretty much like use github for
everything and we do have a repo call at
PS p.m. it's where like for example this
call gets announced it's where all the
calls for the working groups get
announced as well our planning that
explains these two things that I just
went truce
so the async retrospective of the
quarter and how we have done it in the
past so we are back here an example of
like the Jas core dev team doing it for
q2 and it's a Google Doc like everyone
gets access and you can see let me see
my audio like your back okay so let's
try to recover the packets there is an
issue my PFS p.m. it describes this this
exercise that we're going to do for next
two weeks you have some examples of what
we have done in the past as you can see
the the template is quite simple it's
like review progress and talk about
warnings and with this information we
use it to prepare for the next quarter
and to improve things and this is where
we enter in planning okay ours in the
open you have some examples here of like
we have previously done it so planning
occurs in the open means like there is
some venue some location where people
can share their ideas of like why
should be done for next quarter and then
there is a like multiple iterations over
a doc like where we try to massage like
what is each okay or what is its
objective what why it is important
sometimes things get dropped but then
you have like a public record or like
why it got dropped like why we could not
do it for example why we had to provide
something else so this becomes like also
a very useful document for preach
ourselves so then go back and understand
why decisions were made in a certain way
once that that conversation happens and
we are ready to commit we can go in
publish our objectives and key results
to the okay our spreadsheet and this is
shared across the IP else working groups
and basically lists the things that we
have committed to here you can see like
we have multiple objectives for the Jazz
so this is like u3 this is like I'm
showing the example from the past and
you can see like we have owners for
these key results we have scoring you do
scoring at the middle of the quarter and
then we have end of the quarter scoring
and and we use this like to communicate
clearly within the team and also between
teams what each team is focusing so if
your team needs something from some
other team you can clearly check if they
are going to work on it or if they are
probably doesn't it at all by checking
your key our spreadsheet and if they are
not maybe you should talk with that
other team as a user saying hey we
really need this feature from you so
awesome my screen share like my
connection better was that clarifying
yes perfect the other thing that we we
need to be doing right now is also as
the mute was showing scoring this past
quarters okay ours and that that's also
very important for us to be able to
understand are we hitting the goals that
we're setting for ourselves if we if we
set goals and then we never do them then
we're miss communicating to our team and
all of our dependencies so that's also
the the important thing that we should
do sooner rather than later in that last
end of quarter column in the okay our
sheet and the other thoughts questions
around ok ours items wanted especial
much I have a quick question about
working groups does the are there known
working groups for the NGO ipfs project
I guess I don't know them so maybe other
people don't
so the the girl PFS project is a working
group it's a and there are for example a
BFS cluster which has a very specific
poster focus which is building like the
cluster software for a BFS yeah but I
keep because they need stuff from go
ipfs itself there's a lot of interaction
sometimes the requests wait you might
all do he's gone again
just for like 15 seconds okay
I always like seeing Molly and Jeramy
nothing and I wasn't not sure if I was
saying something incorrect so so yeah
like there's multiple working groups
like each working group as the area
focus there is one for UI peepers
sometimes other working groups need
something from the ipfs the project
itself the code base and so they can
either like make that request the
working group or try to submit the
contribution directly there is a
document that lists all the working
groups that I'll post here as well on
some chats at Adi abacus with thank you
other questions comments all right Nidal
did you want to talk a little more
around the CloudFlare gateway and yes
yes sorry about that my connection job
just when I started answering the
jeremy's question yes ipfs compile will
automatically detect a TFS pass on
CloudFlare gateway and if you are
running clock okay
gateway direct your local node what's
interesting for like mine stream a
stream
adoption is the fact that maybe I'll
share my screen quickly what's really
interesting is that they also support
like CloudFlare itself is a free DNS
provider and they now that they have
ipfs gateway you basically can use
something called DNS link to point your
domain name to static website hosted on
ipfs and you actually don't need any
server so that's like truly serverless
and what's on top of that what's
interesting is that CloudFlare already
had this free SSL certificate
infrastructure so if you are using DNS
link with CloudFlare and you are okay
with free certificate from from them you
get it for free and there is like
documentation step by step how to set up
a DNS link with cloud Fleur and ipfs so
that's just a quick shoutout from me
about Mars and then Johnny and did
anyone else raise a hand yes a quick
addition that I that I wrote down into
into your a point which is they didn't
just deploy this gateway which is pretty
amazing but also the the stack exchange
on IP fest with search and all that so
it's linked in their blog post and it's
pretty performant it actually looks like
their IP fest gateway is distributed
across their whole any customs so for
example the gateways that I had from
Berlin right in Berlin um near the
airport
I guess and the big data center so yeah
and they were saying there's more news
coming over the week I don't know if
that's going to be a TFS related as well
but
I'm pretty excited I mean I knew there
was something coming at some point but
it's it's pretty shocking and awesome
shocking in a good way I guess
all right Johnny actually I found my
answer as far as a secured site on there
the documents that cool super cool in
fact any other questions about class ler
all right
then I haven't seen any other agenda
items added to the dock does anyone else
have anything they want to discuss on
this call all right then um was
wonderful seeing all of you fingers
crossed that the live streaming actually
work appropriately and I'll do my best
to upload this recording to to YouTube
we're slowly making our way through
technical difficulties so awesome and
we'll see you all next week
thank you
someone have a cloud fourth question not
that I can per se answer it that I have
a Jeremy
you